README.md, before:

# Job-Tracker

# Purpose

Track jobs that you have applied for to be ready for upcoming interviews

# Requirements
- Use Node.js and Express.js to create a RESTful API.

- Use Handlebars.js as the templating engine.

- Use MySQL and the Sequelize ORM for the database.

- Have both GET and POST routes for retrieving and adding new data.

- Be deployed using Heroku (with data).

- Use at least one new library, package, or technology that we haven’t discussed.

- Have a polished UI.

- Be responsive.

- Be interactive (i.e., accept and respond to user input).

- Have a folder structure that meets the MVC paradigm.

- Include authentication (express-session and cookies).

- Protect API keys and sensitive information with environment variables.

- Have a clean repository that meets quality coding standards (file structure, naming conventions, best practices for class/id naming conventions, indentation, quality comments, etc.).

# Resources

# Website

# Contributors
```
- Jennifer Argent
- Landen Blankinship
- Krista Cannady
- William Chalk
- Habib Jah
```

# Presentation

# Portfolio Links

Commit message:

Updated readme with more info

README.md, after:

# Job-Tracker

# Purpose
Applying for jobs is a stress and a hassle. This application will not only ease the job hunt process, but keep all notes, dates and job responses in one place. Which will allow users to be more organized in their job hunt, and prepared for interviews.

# Features 
- By easing the process of juggling applications, less time is required to check up on different sites and emails

- Seeing responses in one place allows for more time to be spent on searching for jobs, instead of chasing answers

- Having all notes and info on submitted applications in one place allows for easier preparation for interviews


# Ideas for future Development
Calendar integration → A ‘calendar’ tab on the application would allow a broad look at when future interviews were on a monthly basis 

Resume/CV/Cover letter upload → 
An upload tool would allow for the user to keep track of each resume/CV/cover letter used - since it is customary to make small changes for each job applied for 

# Requirements
- Use Node.js and Express.js to create a RESTful API.

- Use Handlebars.js as the templating engine.

- Use MySQL and the Sequelize ORM for the database.

- Have both GET and POST routes for retrieving and adding new data.

- Be deployed using Heroku (with data).

- Use at least one new library, package, or technology that we haven’t discussed.

- Have a polished UI.

- Be responsive.

- Be interactive (i.e., accept and respond to user input).

- Have a folder structure that meets the MVC paradigm.

- Include authentication (express-session and cookies).

- Protect API keys and sensitive information with environment variables.

- Have a clean repository that meets quality coding standards (file structure, naming conventions, best practices for class/id naming conventions, indentation, quality comments, etc.).

# Resources

# Website

# Contributors
```
- Jennifer Argent
- Landen Blankinship
- Krista Cannady
- William Chalk

```

# Presentation

# Portfolio Links
